Ignore middle-button diff gutter selection (#22432)
desktop/desktop: .github/pull_request_template.md

> <!--
> You can leave this blank if you're not sure.
> If you don't believe this PR needs to be mentioned in the release notes, write "Notes: no-notes".
> Rules for writing release notes can be found in the [Writing Release Notes](docs/process/writing-release-notes.md) document.
> -->
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Release notes

<!--
You can leave this blank if you're not sure.
If you don't believe this PR needs to be mentioned in the release notes, write "Notes: no-notes". If you do not provide a note (aka leave as "Notes: "), then Copilot will create one for you on release.

Rules for writing release notes can be found in the [Writing Release Notes](docs/process/writing-release-notes.md) document.
-->

```
